Psalm 82 the chief musician said to the
lilies a testimony of a safe a psalm
[Music]
give ear or Shepherd of Israel you who
lead Joseph like a flock you who dwell
between the cherubim shine forth before
Ephraim Benjamin and Manasseh stir up
your strength and come and save us
restore us O God cause your face to
shine and we shall be saved
Oh Lord God of hosts how long will you
be angry against the prayer of your
people you have fed them with the bread
of tears and given them tears to drink
in great measure you have made us a
strife to our neighbors and our enemies
laugh among themselves restore us O God
of hosts cause your face to shine and we
shall be saved you have brought a vine
out of Egypt you have cast out the
nations and planted it you prepared room
for it and caused it to take deep root
and it filled the land the hills were
covered with its shadow and the mighty
Cedars with its bowels she sent out her
boughs to the sea and her branches to
the river why have you broken down her
hedges so that all who passed by the way
pluck her fruit the bore out of the
woods up roots it and the wild beasts of
the field devours it return we beseech
you O God of hosts look down from heaven
and see and visit this vine and the
vineyard which your right hand has
planted and the branch that you made
strong for yourself it is burned with
fire it is cut down they perish at the
rebuke of your countenance let your hand
be upon the man of your right hand upon
the Son of man whom you made strong for
yourself then we will not turn back from
you
revive us and we will call upon your
name restore us O Lord God of hosts
cause your face to shine and we shall be
saved
[Music]